add clarification around health check notifications (#6115)
Particular/docs.particular.net: servicepulse/health-check-notifications.md

related:
---

Every ServiceControl instance performs periodic internal health checks  and raises notifications when they fail. By default, notifications are published as [integration events](/servicecontrol/contracts.md) but it's also possible to deliver them as email messages.

NOTE: Email notifications require ServicePulse version 1.29 or later, and ServiceControl version 4.17 or later.

> Email notification settings can be managed from the Configuration page by selecting the Health Check Notifications tab. When configured emails will be sent only when internal health checks like trying to reach remote instances or audit ingestion etc fail or stopped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Email notification settings can be managed from the Configuration page by selecting the Health Check Notifications tab. When configured, emails will be sent only when internal health checks (e.g. trying to reach remote instances or audit ingestion etc.) fail.
```

> It would not send an email for a message going to the error queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
